What's going on?
Please drift adults don't have to try it
You offended someone you shouldn't have offended
What else do you want me to show?
Somebody freeze all of this guy's cards for me
Also cancel all cooperation with Diyun Group
Oh no no no you don't don't don't
Who who who sir
I'm your watchdog now
You have to help me hey hey hey
Lord Piaoju
It's all a misunderstanding
Is it okay to untie it?
You, I just talked about a big business deal
shut up
From now on, you will be replaced by austerity
Ah, what's the snow?
There must be a misunderstanding.
Inside
Yan Xin is the person who was rescued by Mr. Shen
He is more capable than you
I arranged for the company
You are fired from now on
Hey no no no no no you
Give me a break
I-I went over to check. I-I'm not a thing
Continuation, talk to me, roll
Miss Ye, this is me representing Diying Group
Best wishes to you and Mr. Shen
Diying Group's top villa area is for you.
It's too expensive
We can't live in so many houses
We'll just pick one.
When did you
Can you change this big-spending habit?